In this lesson we went hands-on with
an incredible number of valuable and important metrics.
We studied the common data that we capture in
our paid owned and earned channels. With paid?
We talked through how paid advertising works
and looked at how we calculate click-through rate,
cost per click, cost per lead,
cost per acquisition and our lifetime value.
We also looked at specific platforms such as Facebook and Google ads to see
where we can grab this data and how we can
turn it into meaningful and actionable insights?
We worked through the own channels studying how to evaluate our website,
blogs, e-mails and our SEO.
We also looked deeper at our sales metrics,
growth metrics and those engagement metrics.
We even had the opportunity to calculate stickiness and churn rate.
We closed out our time together by looking at the earn channels.
Here, we saw how word of mouth and mentions contribute to the growth of our business.
We looked at ways to monitor and measure mentions,
run share of voice surveys and how to gather insights out of
popular platforms such as LinkedIn and ReadIt.
I encourage you to continue practicing these skills by
exploring all the data-sets that you've seen in your free time,
and using the frameworks and questions we learned earlier in
this program to generate meaningful insights.